chore: Add update script and explanation (#10)
knative/.artifacthub: README.md

Repository for sharing Knative resources to ArtifactHub.

https://artifacthub.io/docs/topics/repositories/knative-client-plugins/

### Adding new artifact metadata

> The metadata stored in `plugins` directory are periodically indexed by ArtifactHub to list our plugins per `kn-client-plugin` type of AH.

Reviewer: Would expand AH, though relatively clear that this means "Artifact Hub" (or even skip it)
```suggestion
The metadata stored in `plugins` directory is periodically indexed by Artifact Hub to list our plugins per `kn-client-plugin` type.
```

Step to add a new one:

>  - Create new directory named per GitHub repository name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Create a new directory named per GitHub repository name
```

>  - Create `artifact-pkg.yml` per docs link above

Reviewer: What is "docs link above" ? Maybe expand it here again.

 - Execute `./hack/update-codegen.sh`

> To add a new type of artifact a top-level directory should be created with appropriate name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new type of artifact, a top-level directory should be created with an appropriate name.
```

### Updating `README.md` files

> There's a script to automatically download current `main` README files per plugin directory. It's periodically executed by Knobot action. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a script to automatically download the current `main` README files per plugin directory. It's periodically executed by a Knobot action. 
```

Reviewer: Maybe add a link directly to the Knobot action. Not everybody knows, what "Knobot" is.
